examples/README.md, before:

# irsdk-node examples

This directory contains example projects of irsdk-node. You can use these as a 
starting point, or just as a reference. In addition to being educational, these
projects exist as test sandboxes to validate that the library works as intended. 
See the [Test Usage](#Test-usage) section for more details.

## Examples

- [node-dump-sdk-data](./node-dump-sdk-data/) - Simple commonjs node.js app that dumps the current SDK data to output files. Useful for generating test data.
- [node-sdk-server](./node-sdk-server/) - ESM Node.js server exposing the current SDK data via endpoints, as well as a websocket connection for real-time updates.

## Release testing usage

Each example can be used to test new release versions before publishing. To do so:

- Create a package tarball for each library package:

```
# In each package (packages/irsdk-node, packages/irsdk-node-native, etc.)
$ pnpm build && pnpm pack --out path/to/tarball.tar.gz
```

- Add the tarballs as dependencies to the example:

```
# In the example
$ pnpm add ../../packages/irsdk-node/path/to/tarball.tar.gz
```

The example should then run with production packaged versions of the packages, ideal for testing.

Commit message:

Update examples readme to include lap timer.

examples/README.md, after:

# irsdk-node examples

This directory contains example projects of irsdk-node. You can use these as a 
starting point, or just as a reference. In addition to being educational, these
projects exist as test sandboxes to validate that the library works as intended. 
See the [Test Usage](#Test-usage) section for more details.

## Examples

- [node-dump-sdk-data](./node-dump-sdk-data/) - Simple commonjs node.js app that dumps the current SDK data to output files. Useful for generating test data.
- [node-lap-timer](./node-lap-timer/) - Long-running application example that demonstrates how to detect joining and leaving an iRacing session. Written in TypeScript.
- [node-sdk-server](./node-sdk-server/) - ESM Node.js server exposing the current SDK data via endpoints, as well as a websocket connection for real-time updates.

## Release testing usage

Each example can be used to test new release versions before publishing. To do so:

- Create a package tarball for each library package:

```
# In each package (packages/irsdk-node, packages/irsdk-node-native, etc.)
$ pnpm build && pnpm pack --out path/to/tarball.tar.gz
```

- Add the tarballs as dependencies to the example:

```
# In the example
$ pnpm add ../../packages/irsdk-node/path/to/tarball.tar.gz
```

The example should then run with production packaged versions of the packages, ideal for testing.
